Okay.
So now we're going to create our main hero image with the overlay.
So let's jump back into our stylesheet here and I'm going to go under the nav bar styling, let's just
say header and our header has a class of hero.
So for the background we want an image.
So we're going to say URL and let's put in here the location of the image, which is up one level in
images and then in home.
And I called it showcase.
Showcase.
I don't know why it's not popping up here.
Showcase JPEG.
I think that's correct.
So we go images home.
Yep.
Showcase.
So we want to add some other background properties.
Let's say no, repeat and let's center.
So for the background position, we want to center it on the x and y axis and then we also want it to
cover in terms of the background size.
Now I want the height of this hero class, this header to be the entire viewport.
So 100 viewport heights.
And I'm going to add a position relative and I'll explain that a little later when we do the overlay
and then the color set to white.
So if we take a look at that, it's not showing for some reason.
Let's see background URL.
Oh, images.
So we get the background image.
But notice that it's pretty bright.
If we look at the final version, it's much darker because we have to create that overlay.
And I didn't want to just, you know, make it darker in Photoshop or something like that.
We want to do it through CSS.
But before we even get to the overlay, I want to position the content because right now it's just behind
the nav bar.
We want it to be in the center here and we can center it pretty easily with Flexbox.
So let's grab the content.
So we have hero content and we want to display Flex and instead of being a row because if it's a row,
you can see that.
Now if you look behind the nav bar, that stuff is all like it's aligned horizontally and we don't want
that.
So we're going to change the direction to column.
So that will put it back to going vertical.
And then we can use align items center and justify content center and let's also align the text center.
Now if we take a look, you can see it is aligned this way.
So it's a line, it's aligned on the cross axis because remember, this is a flex column.
So this is the main axis, this is the cross.
So align items, put it in the center here, justify content, should put it in the center here.
But the reason it's not is because there's no height.
So what we'll do since the parent, which is the hero, has a height of 100 viewport heights, we'll
set the height of this to 100% of its container.
So if I go ahead and do that now, it's right in the middle.
So before we move on to the overlay, just want to style this because obviously this doesn't look very
good.
So let's do the let's do the H one.
Actually, I'm sorry, there's some other stuff I want to do here.
Well, I just want to add some padding.
So let's say padding, let's do 20 pixels on each side just so it doesn't rub up against the side on
smaller screens.
So hero content h one I'm going to make this pretty large.
So let's do font size 55 pixels and then the paragraph.
So hero content paragraph, I'm going to set the font size on this to be a little larger.
Let's do 23 pixels and I want to set a max width so that the paragraph doesn't extend too far out.
So I'll set that to 600 pixels and then let's set margin will do 20 pixels, top zero left and right,
30 bottom.
So we'll take a look at that.
That looks pretty good.
Now, as far as this link goes, it has a class of BTN.
Now, BTN is going to be a utility class that we can reuse.
So we don't want to do Hero BTN because then it only applies to the hero.
So in utilities we're going to go ahead and add our button.
So let's say button BTN.
So first of all, I'm going to set the cursor to a pointer.
And then we want to set the display from inline to inline block and we're going to add some padding
to it.
So let's do ten pixels, top and bottom, 30 left and right.
Let's set the color to white.
Let's set the we want to do let's do background.
So the background color I'm going to set to the primary color by default, which is this here.
Okay.
And then let's go ahead and set the border to none and then we'll add a little bit of a curve on the
corner.
So border radius will do five pixels.
All right.
Now for the hover.
So let's say button hover.
We could change the color.
We could do a few different things.
I'm just going to change the opacity and make it more see through.
So we'll do 0.9.
Just make it slightly translucent.
And then I also want to have other button classes for different colors as well if we want.
So let's create a BTN.
So BTN primary actually we don't really need the primary because we're using that as the default, but
we'll go ahead and just add it here anyway.
So we want the backgrounds to be that color and the color to be white.
So if you want to use BTN primary and get rid of this, you can.
But I'm just going to keep it this way so we can.
It's just optional.
If we want to use this now, we want some other button classes as well.
So let's have BTN secondary.
So it's almost like creating your own framework, your own CSS framework, because these are these are
classes similar to what you'd see in like bootstrap.
So the secondary color is going to be that.
And then I'm also going to do a BTN doc where the background color is three, three, three and then
let's also do a light button light where the color is light gray, but the background's light gray,
but the color is dark.
So those are our button utility classes.
So if we take a look, you can see now we have our button, we have that opacity effect when we hover
over it.
So now we're ready to create our overlay.
And like I said, we're going to be using a pseudo selector called before.
So in our stylesheet here style CSS, let's go ahead and say hero.
And the way we want to use this is we want to do double colon and then before, now there's before and
there's after.
And what this does is it allows us to insert content before or after this element so we can have this
content property and we can actually put text in here like, hello, and if I save this and I go back,
you'll see up here in the corner behind the nav bar it has the text.
Hello, which we just inserted using CSS.
Now I don't want to put actual content like text, so we just want to leave that blank.
We do need this property, but we're going to leave this as just an empty string.
Now what we do want to do is create an overlay.
So basically put a color over it, over the entire thing.
So we want to position this to be absolute within here.
So that's why up here I put position relative because remember with positioning, if you have something
absolute within a parent, the parent has to be position relative.
And as far as placement, let's put it, we'll say top zero, left zero and then we want it to cover
the entire thing.
So 100% width and 100% height.
And then if we set the background, let's say we'll say background red for now and let's take a look
and we just have this large red overlay.
So this is covering everything.
It starts here and it's 100% width, 100% height, and it covers everything.
Now, in order to make this transparent, we could use opacity or we could use an GBE GBA value.
So red, green, blue alpha and set it to black 000 and then we'll do 0.6 for the transparency.
So if I save that and we take a look now we have an overlay.
Now, one problem that you can see here is that the the text and the button, it's behind the overlay.
So we need to move that forward and we can do that with the Z index property.
So Z index is just the level of of where it is from front to back.
So right now the content is behind the overlay.
So it has a lower Z index and your Z index can be any number, it can be negative or positive.
So what I'll do here is I'll say anything that is in here.
So let's set the Z index to we'll set it to ten.
So we should be safe with ten.
And now if we take a look, the content is in front of the overlay because the higher the Z index,
the closer to you it is, the closer to the screen.
If it's a lower Z index.
Then the further back it is.
So, I mean, that's pretty much it as far as the top part of our website.
So in the next video, we're going to start on these sections down here.
We'll we'll create some flex items and do this part here as well.
And we'll go from there.